Add documentation for the pagination web component (#344)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/javascript/components_pagination.md

# Pagination - JavaScript API

The pagination component is used to expose multiple pages to the end user.
This component supports both static URLs and dynamic navigation using DOM events.

## Example

```html
<woltlab-core-pagination page="1" count="10" url="https://www.woltlab.com"></woltlab-core-pagination>
```

## Parameters

### `page`

Defaults to `1`.

> Number of the currently active page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of the currently displayed page.
```

### `count`

Defaults to `0`.

Number of available pages. Must be greater than `1` for the pagination to be displayed.

### `url`

> Default to an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to an empty string.
```

> If defined, static pagination links are created based on the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If defined, static pagination links are created based on the URL with the `pageNo` parameter appended to it.
```

Otherwise only the `switchPage` event will be fired if a user clicks on a pagination link.

## Events

### `switchPage`

> The `switchPage` event will be fired if a user clicks on a pagination link. The event detail will contain the number of the selected page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `switchPage` event will be fired when the user clicks on a pagination link. The event detail will contain the number of the selected page.
```

The event can be canceled to prevent navigation.

### `jumpToPage`

> The `switchPage` event will be fired if a user clicks on a ellipsis button within the pagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `switchPage` event will be fired when the user clicks on one of the ellipsis buttons within the pagination.
```
